this is a video response to the hot
crazy matrix video that's going around
the internet right now
on the bottom here we're going to use
the money axis over here we're going to
have the pig axis
by default being born male it's
unfortunate but
it puts you out of five and it just goes
up from there to a 10 which is a
dreadful human being
as a rule this is your no-go
zone okay you do not date or hang out or
marry men who are at least in our minds
of five there is a supplemental graph
for girls who will
date marry a guy who's a five and under
for his money if you're not
at a seven level hot and you're below
that and you're broke ass
that's a no-brainer you're just dealing
with like ex-convicts
people will probably come over and squat
in your house steal your
you don't want to deal with these people
this area is your dating zone
and um this is an area it's a broad
range of pig
it's a broad range of money it's
you could get stuck here for an eternity
your goal is to move down in here
this area here is where you get the
promise
ring whatever that is uh the engagement
ring and then suddenly you find out oh
my god it's 15 years later
and now you can't even get over here to
these guys in the basement
these are the dudes that are probably
like gonna come over your place
want you to cook for them while they
have their hand down their pants
scratching their balls while they're
watching football on a sunday
on a lazy boy they're not gonna take you
anywhere they're not gonna do anything
for you
they're not good looking they're not
earning this is not where you want to be
above
an eight hot and in between about a
seven and a five
that is your husband zone
the pig scale is a blessing and a curse
it's what makes a guy fun
but it sadly is also what makes the
guide choke you with your sports bra and
dump you into a wooded area
so just know if you're in the fun zone
that the fun can turn into death or
danger at any moment
it's just all related to where we are
here my sling is editorial explicit
material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me
there was a time when the internet was a
place that people came
to have fun they came to make jokes
they came to take risks and there's
always an element of risk
involved in humor and today we all know
better
nobody makes any jokes on the internet
anymore the internet is a place
where people's lives are ruined their
careers are ended
they get canceled they have to move to
florida
grow a beard change their legal name
spend the rest of their time
on a fishing boat avoiding questions and
people say
didn't i see you on tick-tock all right
so we all know now that it comes from
the internet you're basically placing
your head on the chopping block for
public judgments don't even try to make
a joke just don't
just don't but there was a joke made at
least
six years ago to my memory i think it's
more like eight years ago
there was some guy who's some kind of
gun instructor on a shooting range
who spontaneously got up in front of a
white board
and drew up a chart of the relationship
between
how hot women were in his terms and how
crazy they were
and this became a sensation about six
years ago a whole sequence of
satirical reactions to this video mostly
made by women
got millions of views in the original
video itself i don't know
who uploaded it first or where it was
uploaded first to my memory
that video is so old that it's from the
era when youtube
wasn't the only contender in the online
video services game
i think there were other websites it
might have been uploaded it might have
been on dailymotion or one of those
competitors
it might be somewhere else that at first
found its foothold that it first found
science
so what he presents us with here most
fundamentally is this diagonal line
in the middle of the chart and that
diagonal line
seems to insinuate that the more
attractive a woman is
the crazier she is i always point out
this is actually
a misinterpretation of the chart
it is not telling you that as women
become
more attractive they become more crazy
what it's depicting is the male
willingness
to tolerate how crazy a woman is
increasing with how attractive she is so
you can actually take this chart
and read it as a critique of or a satire
of
the male mentality that's really what's
being made fun of here
it's not just making fun of attractive
people for being crazy
nor is it saying that unattractive
people are more often the same it's
it's really making fun of the
shallowness of what it is men look for
women and how they look for them
the assumption is that men are just
trying to get with a woman who is
as attractive as possible while being
tolerably crazy while testing the limits
of their own tolerance for craziness now
as you may have assumed my own
perspective on relations between the
genders
is very much diametrically opposed to
this
i think that it's really important in
your own mind and in your own heart and
your discussions with your friends
to totally get rid of this idea of an
incremental scale
between 1 and 10 for how attractive
somebody is i think you have to really
commit
to the idea that everyone you meet
everyone you interact with
everyone you choose to pursue or not
pursue
is either a 0 or a ten
what do i mean by that when you meet
someone when you flirt with someone when
you interact with someone
there are really only two possibilities
either this person
is so attractive to you that you're
willing to take a risk
that you're willing to stick your neck
out and embarrass yourself
or they are not
and that's it that's the whole range of
variables
and when you think about it that way
there's no point ever
comparing two different women right it's
like oh i think this woman is an eight
and this woman's a knight
no there's no point when you knew that
woman whether she was your co-worker or
someone you
studied with the university or somebody
you met at the grocery store i mean
those are hype those are high pressure
situations
you meet someone at the grocery store
are you really gonna are you really
gonna try to embarrass yourself you're
gonna try to start a conversation
out of the blue what do you meet someone
at the library
oh hey i noticed you're in the reference
section it's embarrassing it's
embarrassing for everyone
even if it works out even if you go to
coffee or something you're both going to
laugh about the fact that you met in a
you know in the library and you had this
embarrassing encounter and women have
embarrassed themselves coming at me that
way and i have some degree of sympathy
or pity for them it's it's embarrassing
it's awkward for everybody
but i mean there's no point putting
people
on a span between 1 and 10
and evaluating them relative to other
people either you're willing to take the
risk
or you are not and every single time
you're risking more than your
embarrassment
because among other things you're
risking your reputation
i don't know why people only talk about
this with women like people talk as if
only women
have a reputation to defend and not men
i had a friend he was a bodybuilder and
i remember talking about the fact that
well
there's this one girl in my gym i'm
interested in
but let me tell you if i start chatting
with her if i start flirting with her or
if i ask you to go
to coffee with me that's it for the gym
for that gym i am never gonna flirt with
i am never gonna talk with any other
woman
at that gym because i i approached one
at the gym and as soon as it's two women
then all the women at that gym and
definitely all the female employees at
that gym
they've all talked about you they have
nothing better to talk about they're
sitting around and they're in the change
room and they're
sitting with nothing to do in that gym
all day then everyone knows you as the
guy who's trying to get with every
single girl at that gym
even if it's only two girls and even if
those two women maybe each one was
special to you
in a certain way maybe you really did
have some particular connection with
them
or some particular interest in them like
no so you know
your reputation matters talent is scarce
if you go to a university you can
imagine sorry i used to study
chinese at the university of victoria i
don't
i don't think i approached a single
woman of any age
the whole time i was on campus
university honestly i do not think i
flirted with
or took out a date even one woman ever
once okay but let's say there was
a woman there i was interested in okay
how many people
are studying chinese it's a small
program
at a small university in a small town in
canada
right if it's just one woman
i don't have a problem if i start
approaching flirting with or dating
just two women at the same university
in the same program okay even if i have
done
nothing wrong even if there's nothing
worth costing about
you have no idea how much gossip you're
gonna inspire and look i went through
this i used to be an english teacher
in the capital city of laos which is a
city it's not a small town
but it's a small city and the whole time
i was there i only had one girlfriend
everybody's talking about me as if i'm
on the mac as if i've got like 20 girls
going at the same time
people make up stories it's unbelievable
it's like wow yeah i had one girlfriend
in five years
in this city of like a million people
but guess what you know like
people's imaginations like look i can
have integrity
i can have personal integrity i can be
committed to having telling the truth
but i can't have integrity
for you right like i get to choose what
i'm gonna do
i don't get to choose what the women in
the gym say when they're gossiping about
me
or the women in the university program
or the other people who are
english teachers living abroad in
southeast asia or something right
people are going to take the story and
and and run with it
right so yeah you are taking a risk
you're risking your embarrassment in
more ways than one
long term everybody everybody is a zero
or 10 and to flip it around because i
think this is 100 equal
for men and women i've talked about this
with melissa many times you know i
really always had a lot of contempt for
the women
who wanted to start something with me
and they just
lacked the nerve they just lacked them
and they you know they brought it up to
that
brink and they you know they and it's
like what are you afraid of here
you know look what what would it take
for you to cross that line like if you
don't have
if you don't have the backbone to try to
ask me out for coffee like if you don't
have what it takes to do that if you
don't have what it takes to initiate
why would i want to be in a relationship
with you why would i want to be a
relationship with a weak willed
spineless person if you're not strong
enough to do this
like what what kind of relationship is
that going to be so i've i've always
seen it as equal between the genders
that way no matter how
attractive a woman is you know it can be
the prettiest
thing on the beach doesn't mean i have
one-half relationship doesn't even mean
it doesn't mean i even want to have a
conversation he doesn't mean i want to
go for coffee you eat lunch with you
once
and if you if you want to do that with
me if you want to take me out for a
lunch date to figure out if we've got
any common ground
got something in common right you better
have the nerve you better have the
tenacity you better have the commitment
because if you don't that reflects
really badly in your character for all
of the things of the future okay
so that's a really simple binary
scale everyone is a zero or a ten and if
you live this way
there are knock-on effects it's going to
improve your life in all kinds of
ways trivial and profound that you can't
yet imagine
getting rid of the comparative and
competitive view of ranking people
from 0-10 and now let's talk about the
other scale
let's talk about crazy all right
craziness
doesn't exist on a scale of one to ten
okay it's either a zero or a ten
okay when you lie down to sleep at night
either you're afraid that the person
you're sleeping with is going to stab
you in your sleep
or you are not i remember talking to
this guy
he was really proud that he just slept
with this
really attractive young woman he's
telling me different things about it
and i looked at him and we just had a
conversation about going on a bus
trip so i knew he had all this stuff
with him for his bus trip
and he's telling me that he's humble
bragging i guess or just outright
bragging about sleeping with
girl and he's listening i said
so when you went to the hotel with her
did you take your passport and your
wallet
and hide it in a safe because like i
know you
i know you would be afraid that this
girl would rob you in your sleep
he was uh he was from chicago
he said to me he said dude you have no
idea
i had to take my wallet and my passport
and stuff it inside the pillowcase
and then turn the pillow over so that it
was right under my head
and i slept the whole night with my face
on my wall
with my back so that i knew she wasn't
gonna rob me while i was asleep
wow man that's a hot chick yeah wow
yeah she's really
all right like when it comes to
craziness
either you trust someone or
you do not right like
and of course it goes way beyond the
wallet that's in your
pocket if if she just tells you
something sometimes
your boyfriend or girlfriend they tell
you something that sounds crazy
it tells you that it doesn't seem to
make any sense they tell you something
that's contradictory
do you trust them or in that first
moment are you like
you're trying to manipulate me like
prove to me you're not bullsh like you
know what i mean do they have to
overcome
your skepticism like in that
relationship because you regard them as
crazy
you regard them with suspicion are they
someone
you can really trust not just at the
best of times
not just when everything's going well
under pressure
under strain jet lag
screaming babies uh unemployment
but you know it's a lot harder to deal
with in unemployment overemployment
when your schedule's filled and you're
run down and you can't take the time
to think everything through and be the
most sensitive
you know muffin in the oven you know
what i'm saying
can you trust that person or are you
living your life
where you are afraid at any given time
they are going to go crazy
so the chart i come up with
arithmetically and graphically is really
simple when it comes to human attraction
everyone is either a zero or a ten
when it comes to sanity when it comes to
reliability
when it comes to someone being
trustworthy or not when it comes to
measuring how crazy someone is
everyone is either a zero or a ten
and that divides this chart into four
equal parts
you've got decisions to make you've got
your work
cut out for you my sling is editorial
explicit material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me